marijuana is now legal in the state of
Michigan and in the town of miles
Michigan not too far from South Bend
Indiana people were lined up to get it
oh hi I'm Fredrik Miller it's fre DRI CK
and then I know em I ll er did you say
spell it yeah oh yeah well we'll wait
nothing Spencer me we want to go inside
and check out what they got I was kind
of hoping like a willy wonka thing like
gates it like you know something coming
out like cane and then like doing tricks
and but uh so far it's just cold I like
doing things by the way keep in mind
that was before he got the weed I'm
gonna try some like edibles like really
interested in that because my experience
would only have your head like maybe
home-baked I guess yeah I probably gonna
sit on the couch and smoke a bowl and I
don't know check out like the new
Dracula on Netflix very good things man
I'm excited obviously I'm excited too so
we we searched high and even higher and
we tried Fredrik down and he joins us
now again from the relief centers
dispensary in Niles Michigan
[Applause]
I'm doing I'm going up high as hell are
you
right now I'm high for on plants yeah
well I'm surrounded by them but I
we haven't partake in any of these yeah
they're still they got a week yet I
heard what did you buy when you got in
the store oh they were Pleasant people
man they helped me out they found a a
nice little pre-roll joint of GMO and it
was delicious
Santa was getting involved in this down
so yeah and Fred how long were you in
line outside the store Oh buddy we
waited probably about like two hours two
and a half and it was totally worth
every minute will you will you stand in
line to vote for that long yeah okay
yeah have you considered running for
office in your area you know what oh you
know I got a lot of good feedback from
this yes and people seem to like it so
you know I watched that movie once where
the guy came present I forget I of
myself yeah you know if you dream it it
can happen yeah I love that way of
thinking I really do and in fact I I
want would you play along with me for a
minute I'd like you to close your eyes
if you could were you close your eyes
yeah come back make sure you don't see
anything okay I'm up everything all
right yeah just got like 14 years
younger I don't know what happened all
right now when you open your eyes you
are going to see someone you just
mentioned the movies who is going to
blow your mind all right all right so
open up your open your eyes and who do
you see there No
bill S Preston Esquire you know this guy
[Music]
dude that's a smile I want it like just
take it paste it on my face I really I
see a bill and Fred's excellent
adventure coming oh we were talking
about this today I just really like an
hour ago man hey hey how was Dracula on
Netflix did you like it yeah Jimmy it
was most excellent
[Applause]
I'd love to check in with it again and
just find out were you thinking about
random stuff you know oh man you know I
just made a Twitter just the other day
because I had no idea what was going on
Twitter
tell us your Twitter home I think it's
really doesn't matter you'll probably
forget to post anyway welcome Fredrik
party on and by the way we have a
present we're gonna send you since you
love pot and you love Dracula so much
we're gonna send you a year supply of
Count Chocula breakfast cereal okay hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season buy my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and drew it all the money I
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country and if you don't support
that you are a box